this video was fostered by Bill and
Melinda Gates so in the past year I've
really decided I want to start caring
for the environment so far I'm up to
about 25 reusable bags above my closet I
don't know exactly what type of
cardboard is recyclable but I put it all
on the blue bin anyway and I always cut
the six-pack rings before I gently
release them into my local wildlife
reserve well everyone wants to fulfill
their personal doing good quote up and I
often hear conversations that go
oh man these paper straws suck compared
to plastic ones and the other person
says yeah but they're better for the
environment when I did some research it
turns out that yeah a paper straw is way
more effective you're looking to prevent
people from weaponizing their cold brew
and no joke plastic waste is a serious
issue but in terms of climate change in
strictly carbon footprint having a nice
coffee with either a paper or plastic
straw actually has less impact than
driving your car from one end of the
drive through to the other and today in
the context of climate change in Bill
and Melinda Gates his annual letter I
want to look at the actual scale of
things you might do or use everyday and
how much it matters with regard to
global carbon emission which is around
36 billion metric tons every year so
first up let's look at common
consumables so we'll start with the
paper straw which takes about one point
three eight grams of co2 to produce
slightly less than a plastic straw which
takes about one point four six grams of
co2 for quick context a metal straw
takes about 217 grams I mean you have to
eliminate at least 150 C Turtles for it
to be worth it going back for a second
ahead of plastic straws we have plastic
bags coming in at around 20 grams of co2
we have paper bags at around 80 grams
reusable polypropylene bags at 300 grams
and then cotton totes at around 3500
grams or 3.5 kilos for quick context
this means you'd have to use a cotton
bag about a hundred and fifty times to
be the co2 equivalents of plastic bags
and about 40 times to be the equivalent
to paper bags
honestly the part that I'm looking
forward to is being on my deathbed and
in general but also the only thing in my
will is gonna be finished what I
couldn't and then each of my children
gets a tote bag and how many more trips
they need to make to say for you to
complete my legacy real joke as my
children aren't inheriting anything nice
we have electrical devices which start
to get more significant leaving one 100
watt light bulb on for 24 hours one
kilogram of co2 leaving a fridge running
for 24 hours two kilograms of co2 using
a work computer and monitor for 8 hours
2 kilograms of co2 using a real computer
with at least 2 graphics cards 3 1440p
144 hertz monitors and an RGB backlit
keyboard to play minecraft for 16 hours
10 kilograms of co2 using an oven for 2
hours 20 kilograms once again another
reason to have 2 graphics cards with a
clear case so you can check on your
roast operating a heat pump is needed
for 24 hours in a one-bedroom apartment
about 20 kilograms of co2 as well but
again I'm just repeating myself in this
ballpark we also have driving your car
each day at about 10 to 20 kilograms of
co2 assuming you're the average American
living the dream if we add all this up
an average of down your everyday
American is responsible for about 45
kilograms of co2 emission per day which
is about the same as Canada or Australia
but double China and most of Europe it
is trailing behind Qatar which is at 38
but is in the top 10 on the full chart
well the things you do every day
certainly add up over time even they can
pale in comparison to the amount of
resources it takes to manufacture things
in the first place a cell phone produces
about 30 kilograms of co2 to manufacture
which is the same as using it every day
for about eight years a laptop produces
about 250 kilograms of co2 to
manufacture which is the same as using
it every day for about three years this
is also about the same as a five hour
one-way flight per person and then a
large sedan takes up to 15 tons of co2
to manufacture which is the same as
about three years of driving keep in
mind that manufacturing most electric
vehicles is about the same sometimes
slightly higher but co2 used for
operation is much lower this means in
terms of carbon emissions you could have
one person who doesn't have heating air
conditioning refrigeration electricity a
cell phone or even a sick gaming
computer but they do drive 45 minutes to
work and that would be about the same as
someone who had all those things but
work from home and doesn't own a car
which is the angle I go for when people
find out I don't know how to drive and
now you might be thinking ok well we
need heating we need cooling we need
refrigeration we need a cell phone we
need
gaming computer and many people need
cars so then what can your average
person do that would actually matter one
suggestion I like is not to try to
minimize everything because then you'll
never succeed and feel guilty all the
time but to ask yourself do I do
anything in excess and can I cut down on
that because similar to when you're
trying to save money buying the drip
coffee instead of the americano is going
to make absolutely no difference if
you're spending $500 a month on premium
snapchat and Twitter donations because
that's money well-spent and in truth
some studies show that even if you live
in complete darkness in your mom's
basement eating only leftovers which
honestly sounds not too bad by sheer
nature of what makes a first-world
country different from a third world
country it's almost impossible to get
your carbon footprint below about 50% of
the average for your country and that
brings us to the main premise of what
Bill and Melinda Gates wanted to address
in their letter this year which is
swinging for the fences and taking big
risks on big problems because well every
individual can help in their own way we
also need solutions for global issues
that can scale as an example the
previously mentioned co2 calculations
for electrical devices is based on 65%
of electricity coming from fossil fuels
like in the US but if your country gets
all of its electricity from renewables
then the co2 emissions from your
electronics is almost zero if you choose
to have an electric car then that too
will also almost be zero and as more
energy comes from low emissions sources
electric vehicles and devices become
more and more efficient making it not
just an individual's responsibility to
limit consumption and choose efficient
products but an international commitment
to sustainable energy co2 mitigation
providing aid to those afflicted or
displaced by the negative outcomes of
climate change well I want to focus on
climate specifically in bill Melinda's
letter they go into more detail about
not only climate change but other global
problems of equals scale that required
big risks and massive action for us to
address and I encourage you to take a
look at the letter by clicking the link
in the description where they discuss
what they believe to be some of the most
important global issues and how to
approach them and personally for the 10
or 15 minutes it takes to read I learned
a lot I didn't know and I think it's
well worth the time
[Music]
you